PersonaDB is a database, privately controlled by each legal entity (user, organisation, service) in eventually consistent system. It is intended as a "universal database" to lower the "barrier of entry" and popularise your unique "Value-Add" - custom built to be part of KhaiPhong cryptographic and streaming systems - where you can ride on proven accumulated efforts from others and custom change only what required that we track on its branches of goleveldb, prometheus, go-git, cloudevents, (linked to kafka-go, openfaas, saga, cardano) if different from the cited open sources.

Embedded "Serverless Function / FaaS" in cloudevents - as result of PersonaAI Normative-Positive Intelligence from Om Central Nervous System to change the course of the event processes - is an implementation of Composable Event Processors while data ownership of the legal entity is enforced as a part of the user's PersonaAI. The database is connected to evolving systems - OmHub where each public kafka topic has its own database if economically justified - at ThankYou clubs (public topics filtered by places, local Machine Learnings and Smart Contracts where digital money has strong guarantees of fraud-free commerce) to guarantee about timestamps and immutability of ordering facts and events via proof of stakes in Settlement Layer where legally involved parties can extract relevant data they legitimately own in their own PersonaAI.

Eventually consistent system is relevant to current behavioral economics, or a method of economic analysis that applies psychological insights into human behavior to explain economic decision-making. It is relevant to Internet, and even more so with Normative Value of the values viewed from the dimension of people to change both current conflicts on PrajnaPlace and the community Conscience level of Right and Wrong in a sense of Justice as illustrated in this site logo.

Playing the role of a "universal database", PersonaDB can bring together three other factors to properly manage the complexities of modern economies where each independent nation has its own state rights in influencing the world affairs: (1) transparent Statistics orthogonal to the three pillars of democracy (Legislature, Executive, Judiciary such as in Canada), (2) accumulated macro economics derived from both time-series in capitalism and input-output of snap-shot structural changes in planned economies, and (3) new behavioral economics coming from Artificial Intelligence (AI) to open a new dimension.

The mathematical proof in the existence of an inverse matrix for a snap-shot consistency between economic time-series and input-output tables is important in a right statistical measurement system (such as Statistics Canada) used in many 1000+ simultaneous equations for forcastings and simulations of National Policies (used by Economic Council of Canada). We also proved - based on Alberta IDEAL (Industrial Disaggregated Economic Activity Long term) model - that the system can be implemented at regional level where monetary policy is given at National level to study the impact of mega projects to the local and national economies. Technically, the system can be linked together in simulations for negotiating processes of trading partners such as CPTPP (Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership) or EVFTA (EU-Vietnam Free Trade Agreement).

With PersonaDB and available computer power, compiled statistics for input-output tables can be as easily as the time-series to overcome the past issues of outdated structural changes. Combining both time-series and input-output tables, we can have a scientific model for forecastings and simulations based on solid understandings of causes and effects in economic theories. We then use Machine Learning of important variables for more understanding of relevant forces and attributes, plus better forcastings and silulations in major projects and negotiations. Modelings and simulations are mechanical processes to assist deeper understanding of complex issues on the duality plan of conflicting consciousness. From the event Truth Plane as illustrated on this site logo - perpendicular to the plane of conflicting consciousness - one may instintively sees (based on cultivable and measurable Normative Intelligence) a breakthrough and one's strategic position to move the event toward What Count to widen the custom tool of Deep Learning from layered Neural Networks. This kind of "instict known and proven by HuiNeng's Samadhi-Prajna" can be further tested from top-down, bottom-up, inside-out, and outside-in via custom Executive Information Portal (EIP). Having unique hand-on experiences, we can help this important field based on proven accumulated experiences rather than guessed works from tainted public data.

By selecting the location of data-pipeline OmHub, you are subjected only to the governing laws that the system must conform in balancing between individual and state rights where Invisible Market Values according to natural laws such as cultivable and measurable Empathy and Economics operate. You can have your own private OmHub located at your data centre to be completely under your control.

In brief, KhaiPhong brings to the table (1) resposible investments and developments in Special Economic Zones, an outcome from its Strategic Intelligence Service, (2) accountable and transparent public policies via the system know-how in measurable Statistics and Economics, (3) clean environments with best engineering practices and most efficient technologies, plus AI to 4.0 Industrial Revolution, and (4) cultivable and measurable layered No-Conflict Consciousness to enable people the driving forces of all activities and relationships.

